doc: add steps to configure external mode with admin privileges (#13858)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster.md

    An existing non-restricted user cannot be converted to a restricted user by upgrading.
    The upgrade flag should only be used to append new permissions to users. It shouldn't be used for changing a csi user already applied permissions. For example, you shouldn't change the pool(s) a user has access to.

### Admin privileges

> If in case the cluster needs the admin keyring to configure, here are the steps to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If in case the cluster needs the admin keyring to configure, Update all the caps to * for the `client.healthchecker`
```

Since this as only one step let' keep it one line

> (This is not recommended as the external cluster should be managed by ceph admin and should not expose the admin permission)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Note
This is not recommended as the external cluster should be managed by ceph admin and should not expose the admin permission
```
?

Update all the caps to * for the client.healthchecker

```console
ceph auth caps client.healthchecker  mon 'allow *' mgr 'allow *' osd 'allow *'

```

> Then the `ROOK_EXTERNAL_USER_SECRET`` created would have the admin privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not sure if required

    An existing non-restricted user cannot be converted to a restricted user by upgrading.
    The upgrade flag should only be used to append new permissions to users. It shouldn't be used for changing a csi user already applied permissions. For example, you shouldn't change the pool(s) a user has access to.

### Admin privileges

If in case the cluster needs the admin keyring to configure, update the admin key `rook-ceph-mon` secret with client.admin keyring

> !!! note

Reviewer 2: nit: empty line before notes 
```suggestion

!!! note
```

>     This is not recommended as the external cluster should be managed by ceph admin and should not expose the admin permission

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Sharing the admin key with the external cluster is not generally recommended 
```

> 1. Get the `client.admin` keyring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Get the `client.admin` keyring from the ceph cluster
```

Author: thanks, done

    ```console
    ceph auth get client.admin
    ```

2. update the `ceph-secret` in the `rook-ceph-mon` secret with client.admin keyring

> Then the mons created would have the admin privileges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After restarting the rook operator, the mons created will have admin privileges.
```

    An existing non-restricted user cannot be converted to a restricted user by upgrading.
    The upgrade flag should only be used to append new permissions to users. It shouldn't be used for changing a csi user already applied permissions. For example, you shouldn't change the pool(s) a user has access to.

### Admin privileges

If in case the cluster needs the admin keyring to configure, update the admin key `rook-ceph-mon` secret with client.admin keyring

!!! note
    Sharing the admin key with the external cluster is not generally recommended

1. Get the `client.admin` keyring from the ceph cluster
    ```console
    ceph auth get client.admin
    ```

2. Update two values in the `rook-ceph-mon` secret:

>     - `ceph-username`: Set `client.admin`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `ceph-username`: Set to `client.admin`
```

Author: Updated, thanks

    - `ceph-secret`: Set the client.admin keyring

> After restarting the rook operator, the mons created will have admin privileges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After restarting the rook operator (and the toolbox if in use), rook will configure ceph with admin privileges.
```
